# M7 Vocabulary
## !
Write the word B into A
## (
Push registers B,C on the stack
## )
Pop registers B,C off the stack
## *
Multiply A by B
## +
Add B to A
## +!
Add B into the word at A
## ,
Copy register A to register C
## -
Add B to A
## 0<
Set A to -1 if A < 0, 0 otherwise
## 0=
Set A to -1 if A = 0, 0 otherwise
## 0>=
Set A to -1 if A >= 0, 0 otherwise
## 16*
Shift register A left 4
## 16/
Shift register A right 4
## 2*
This file is automatically generated. Shift register A left 1
## 2/
Shift register A right 1
## 256*
Shift A left 8 times
## 256/
Shift A right 8 times
## 4*
Shift register A left 2
## 4/
Shift register A right 2
## 8*
Shift register A left 3
## 8/
Shift register A right 3
## ;
Return to the calling operating system.
## <
Set A to -1 if B < A , signed test
## <=
Set A to -1 if B <= A , signed test
## <>
Set A to -1 if A <> B, 0 otherwise
## ==
Set A to -1 if A = B, 0 otherwise
## >
Set A to -1 if B > A , signed test
## >=
Set A to -1 if B >= A , signed test
## >a
Pop registers A off the stack
## >ab
Pop registers A,B off the stack
## >abc
Pop registers A,B,C off the stack
## >b
Pop registers B off the stack
## >bc
Pop registers B,C off the stack
## >c
Pop registers C off the stack
## @
Read the word at A into A
## [
Push registers A,B,C on the stack
## ]
Pop registers A,B,C off the stack
## a++
This file is automatically generated. Add 1 to A register
## a--
Add -1 to A register
## a>
This file is automatically generated. Push registers A on the stack
## a>b
This file is automatically generated. Copy register A to register B
## a>c
Copy register A to register C
## ab>
Push registers A,B on the stack
## abc>
Push registers A,B,C on the stack
## abs
Set A to the absolute value of A
## and
Binary and A and B to A
## b++
Add 1 to B register
## b--
Add -1 to B register
## b>
Push registers B on the stack
## b>a
Copy register B to register A
## b>c
Copy register B to register C
## bc>
Push registers B,C on the stack
## break
System debug break
## bye
Return to the calling operating system.
## c!
Write the byte B into A
## c++
Add 1 to C register
## c--
Add -1 to C register
## c>
Push registers C on the stack
## c>a
Copy register C to register A
## c>b
Copy register C to register B
## c@
Dump the Register state Read Character into A Register from system input. 0 if none available Write Character in A Register to system output Write Number in A Register as hex to system output, space prefixed Read the byte at A into A
## max
Put signed larger of A and B in A
## min
Put signed smaller of A and B in A
## negate
Negate A
## not
Set A to the binary Not of A (1's complement)
## or
Binary or A and B to A
## pop
Copy A to B and Pop A off the stack. This is used in arithmetic operations ; suppose there is an interim value on the stack, you can do "4 pop +". Generally use this for binary operators and the >a a> form for saving and restoring values.
## push
This file is automatically generated. Push registers A on the stack
## raw.hex
Dump the Register state Read Character into A Register from system input. 0 if none available Write Character in A Register to system output Write Number in A Register as hex to system output, space prefixed
## raw.read
Dump the Register state Read Character into A Register from system input. 0 if none available
## raw.write
Dump the Register state Read Character into A Register from system input. 0 if none available Write Character in A Register to system output
## reg
Dump the Register state
## string.handler
Multiply A by B
## swap
System debug break Swap A & B
## u<
Set A to -1 if B < A , unsigned test
## xor
Binary xor A and B to A
